fix: lint errors (#9)
DashIncubator/dashincubator: server/ReadMe.md

You can refer to the `.env.example` file to setup your local development.

> To use production database, you should change the `MONGO_URL` to `proddburl`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use production database, you should change the `MONGO_URL` to `<MONGO_URL>/?retryWrites=true&w=majority`.
```
